Added information about suspending a validator (#1226)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/mainnet/docs/protocol/concepts-baker.rst

A block is final at a minimum of two seconds after its creation. A new block has to be created descended from that block for the new block to be final.

Validator Suspension
====================

A validator may be suspended if it remains inactive and fails to produce blocks when selected as a round leader. This mechanism, introduced in Protocol 8, helps maintain the blockchain's performance and reliability by excluding inactive validators.

> The :term:`suspension` process considers the validator's stake size:

Reviewer: I think "considers" is not really accurate. Perhaps something like:

```suggestion
A validator faces :term:`suspension` if reaches a threshold of missed rounds. The size of a validator's stake affects how long the validator's node has to be inactive before reaching the threshold:
```

* High-stake validators may reach the suspension threshold within hours due to their frequent selection as round leaders.
* Low-stake validators may take several days to reach the threshold due to fewer opportunities to produce blocks.

When a validator misses multiple blocks in succession and reaches the inactivity threshold by a payday, it becomes *primed for suspension*. The validator then has until the next snapshot epoch to demonstrate activity by either:

* Producing a block
* Having their signature included in a quorum certificate

If the validator remains inactive through the snapshot epoch, the suspension takes effect at the following payday epoch.

.. note::

   A high-stake validator could face suspension after approximately 23 hours of inactivity, while low-stake validators typically require a longer period of inactivity before reaching the threshold.

A suspended validator:

> * Must remain suspended for at least one epoch

Reviewer: I think this line is probably more confusing than useful. It's not completely accurate - a validator can resume at any time after it is suspended. However, because the committee is updated at the snapshot epoch, when it is automatically suspended at a snapshot, it will be excluded from the committee for the next pay day. (If the validator is suspended manually, then it can be resumed even before the snapshot occurs.)

Author: Deleted line

* Can resume validation through a manual transaction
* Incurs no specific penalties beyond the suspension period

> * Maintains their delegators unless they choose to update their delegation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Maintains their delegators unless the delegators choose to update their delegation
```
